		User License Agreement
	Note: Users are hereby reminded to carefully read this " License Agreement" (hereinafter referred to as the Agreement). By installing, using, obtaining and logging in the Software, you agree to this Agreement and agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 
	This is a legal agreement between you (the "User") and the Company regarding the installation, use, registration, and management of the Software, and the use of the relevant services provided by the Company. This Agreement states rights and obligations between the Company and the User in relation to the licensed use and services of the Software. "User" means an individual or organization that obtains licenses for software products and numbers through the Company's software license and registration channels and use relevant services provided by the Company.
	This Agreement may be updated by the Company at any time, the updated terms of the Agreement will be notified through website announcement, software announcement and other means, once notified, the previous terms of the Agreement is replaced, without separate notice. Users can re-download and install the Software or refer to the latest version of the Agreement. After the Company updates the terms of the Agreement, if the User does not agree to the updated terms, promptly stop using the software and services provided by the Company, and the User's continued use of the software and services provided by the Company will be deemed to have agreed to the updated Agreement. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, this Agreement does not provide terms for other services provided by companies or partner company using the Software. For these services, there are separate Terms of Service, Users shall read and confirm the terms when using the services. If the other Terms of Service conflict with this Agreement, the separate Terms of Service shall prevail. If the user uses the service, it is considered an acceptance of the relevant Terms of Service.
1.	Statement of Intellectual Property
This "Software" is developed by the Company. All intellectual property rights such as copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, and all information relating to the Software, including but not limited to: text statements and their combinations, icons, graphics, charts, colors, interface design, layout frames, relevant data, printed materials, or electronic documents are protected by the Copyright Law of the People's Republic of China, Trademark Law of the People's Republic of China, Patent Law of the People's Republic of China, Law of the People's Republic of China Against Unfair Competition and the corresponding international treaties and other intellectual property laws and regulations, except for software or technology authorized by third parties, the company owns the above-mentioned intellectual property rights.
2. Scope of Software License 
2.1 Users can install, use, display and run the software.
2.2 Reserved Rights: All other rights not expressly authorized remain owned by the Company and the use of other rights by users requires additional written consent from the Company.
2.3 In addition to the provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement does not provide the Terms of Service for companies or partner companies accessing the Software, for which there may be separate Terms of Service, users shall read and confirm the terms when using the relevant services.
3. Legal Liability and Exemption
3.1 Licenses to use.
3.2 Notes: In order to safeguard the Company's right of business development and adjustment, the Company may at any time modify or terminate the software license, the modification or termination of the license will be notified on the Company's website, important pages of the Software, without separate notice.
3.3 In violation of this Agreement or the relevant Terms of Service, resulting in or incurring any claim, demand or loss claimed by any third party, including reasonable attorney's fees, the User agrees to compensate and indemnify the Company and the Partner Company, the Affiliated Company against any loss.
3.4 The use of the Software is at the user's own risk, and the Company and its partner company do not guarantee the Software of any kind, whether expressly, impliedly or as required by law, including, but not limited to, the marketability, applicability, non-virus, non-negligence or technical defects of the Software, the expressed or implied warranties and conditions of the ownership and non-infringement. The Company and its partners shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special and subsequent damages and risks arising from the use or inability to use the Software under any circumstances.
3.5 The use of the Software requires Internet services and may be affected by instability in the process. The company and the partner company shall not be liable for the economic loss of the user due to force majeure, computer viruses, hacking, system instability, illegal content information, harassing information shielding, and any other Internet service reasons such as network, technology, communication lines, and information security management measures.
3.6 The Company and the Partner company shall not be liable for any loss suffered by the User as a result of a communication line failure, technical problems, network, computer failure, system instability of a third party and various other force majeure.
3.7 If force majeure events such as technical failure affect the normal operation of the service, the company and the partner company promise to instantly cooperate with the relevant parties to repair it, but the company and the partner company shall not be liable for losses thus suffered by the users.
4. Other provisions
4.1 The invalidity of some or all of the provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity of the other provisions. 
4.2 The interpretation, validity and settlement of disputes in this Agreement shall apply to the laws of the People's Republic of China. If any dispute between the user and the company occurs, it shall be resolved by friendly consultation, if the consultation fails, the user hereby agrees to submit the dispute to the jurisdiction of the People's Court in Xi'an, where the company is located. 
4.3 The copyright of this Agreement is owned by the Company, which reserves all the right to interpret it. The software and service names mentioned herein may be registered trademarks or trademarks of the Company and are protected by law.
